c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Caritas.dll.config
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Caritas.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Caritas.pdb
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First1.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.dll
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.pdb
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.first2.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First3.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First4.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First5.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First6.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First61.resources
c:\users\christabel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.First7.resources
C:\Users\CHRISTABEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.pub1.resources
C:\Users\CHRISTABEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.pub2.resources
C:\Users\CHRISTABEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.downloads.resources
C:\Users\CHRISTABEL\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Caritas\Caritas\obj\Debug\Caritas.Migrations.testSeed.resources
